before this video begins it's time for
me to flex on you kids that's right I
have the new honor a text a very a very
good I love the look and feel of this
phone it feels very premium very
minimalistic aesthetic design I really
like it it's very cool look at that look
at that shine Wow look honestly look at
that if that's not ethically I don't
know what it is it has great value and
low pricing it's very impressive what
they pull up with this phone it has a
very big display 6.5 inch with 91%
screen to body ratio so it's big it's
very big it also has this ai camera
highly intelligent so if I pointed at
something it will change the settings to
what it's looking at so now it's looking
at nine-year-olds and but Eva days it
notices it's a face and he changed to
port right so you can take really
professional photos with it because of
that I've done I've taken some really
cool photos with it I love it and yeah
if you guys are interested in it check
out the link in the description for more
information from the honor official
forums or and you can also win one if
you check out the link so do that enjoy
the video back to pierce from the future
to a time Q&A time yup of this man
[Music]
welcome to Q&A the thing that youtubers
do when they were completely out of
ideas of what they're gonna make it's
literally the bottom of the barrel of
whatever content you can make that's
right worse than you laughs you loose
now for real I I haven't done a Q&A and
when was the last time honestly
three years ago so I asked on Twitter I
asked mixed up and I will answer so here
we go
how the Frick do you manage thank you
for censoring I appreciate it to upload
a video Bailey I mean I literally watch
every day so I guess it's broached like
me who encouraged this madness I really
enjoy it it's it's fun to have a goal
for set for you every day to learn today
I'm gonna make a video no matter what no
matter what happens you know
things happen on undoubtly but I always
have that goal I'm gonna get a video
done and that keeps me and keeps me on
my toes is keep me interested that's the
long answer short answer I have editors
where the Frick did Michael the Romanian
go back to Romania where he belongs
how were you able to portray a real
about really deep questions here guys a
realistic version of yourself on YouTube
a website which seems to reward
individuals who portray a completely
different version of themselves than
reality and what gave you the confidence
to continue to do instead of giving in
question mark asked puter um I don't
think it's in until recently where I
fully embrace just being as honest as I
can be on YouTube
and I think yeah you are right and wrong
I guess here's the thing people are
smarter than you think people have
noticed I think that I've been trying to
be more honest in my videos and open
about Who I am and what I'm actually
thinking and that has just been welcomed
with open arms I think people really do
appreciate honesty it's the kind of
thing that I'm driven towards with other
youtubers as well I want to watch people
I think are are
take and real and not just some version
of what they think their audience wants
to see do you have anything to say after
Ethan accused you of throwing him under
the bus of the whole better health thing
I replied life's video just because
everyone is asking so much about this it
always seems like there's some fan drama
between me and Ethan but between us
personally there's no bad blood yeah
when will you stop stealing my videos
when will you stop stealing mine any day
I upload a video this where do you see
yourself and YouTube in 10 years well
hopefully I'm in Japan other than I
don't know do you think you'll be doing
YouTube your whole life how would I know
do you think it will do anything your
whole life stop asking me this deep
questions I remember that six years ago
I thought okay maybe if I'm lucky I can
do another year or maybe two years of
YouTube the lifespan of a youtuber a few
years ago was so quick most early
youtubers bayar they're not making
videos anymore that's just the case so I
was constantly following the path of
other youtubers before I was where I am
today but now I kind of had to set my
own path and it's been going well so far
I'm happy that I'm still able to make
videos I don't know but the literature
Club when asked for you um I'm sorry I
know I haven't been doing a book review
I I've been reading a ton though I've
been reading just as much as I normally
would do so it's not like I haven't done
that so I can make them it's more the
fact that I felt like the videos were a
little bit it was just me summarizing
the video cuz that's all I had time for
I didn't really have time to dwell any
deeper with any any of the books at
least some of them I did it just felt
very shallow and it just felt like no
one's reading these books anyway what's
the point I'm just spoiling the plot for
everyone it just felt stupid I felt like
who
hair I want to figure out a better
format where it can be more engaging
with you guys because I do want more
people to join in and actually join on
the literature club I think that could
make it way more interesting and I need
to figure out a way to do that so that's
why I haven't been doing it but then
again maybe that's what people want you
know maybe people just want me to talk
about books I don't know what's the
meaning of life deep questions to rid
yourself from all the suffering oh yeah
a scare PewDiePie season 2 coming or no
probably not probably none most likely
not I kind of given up on trying to push
for it the thing is I had a it was a
nightmare to record but I still have so
many great memories from it and that's
I'm still glad I had those you know are
you going to make videos we Jack and
Mark in the future when we did that one
video together which was really popular
if we get a chance to I'm down why is
this little break so damn long when when
was that
hey hey it's that me playing medically
sorry ah stop stop holding me
accountable I'm really bad my see I
can't agree shoot shoot if she's
watching she's nodding her head right
now cuz if I stop doing something for a
while even if I enjoyed it I don't want
to go back into it whenever me and
Marcel watch TV shows and we haven't
watched one in a while I'm like ah that
show sucked and she's always like no you
really enjoyed it was I know I did are
you going to cross the bridge again
Jesus Christ yes
okay you got to face your fears you got
a man up and get back on that horse so
yes I will cross the breach again yes I
will beat the horse whatever any
expression is how do you find cool
clothing brands as Mark said to please
Walmart isn't here just just look online
there's so much great stuff online so
many great websites I'm looking at
clothing almost every single day it's
just something I enjoy now it's really
weird I never
I would say that will the book club ever
come back yes a well when I figured give
me suggestions the give me ideas of what
I can do to make it more interactive I
was thinking maybe I should do a
subreddit or something like that so I
can actually get your comments about it
maybe some video responses I don't know
who will be the best man at your wedding
I don't know Edgar this is a great Q&A I
don't know what was your favorite game
when you were a kid starfox 64 it
depends how young I am it's kind of in
stages you know when I was really young
Pokemon polute when I was younger than
that it was like Donkey Kong Country and
then after that it's probably like World
of Warcraft or Star Fox 64 oh my god
yeah that game was amazing just
discovering the new past it blew my mind
then I got into mmo's I played so much
tibia and so much World of Warcraft hi
Felix what kind of music do you listen
to I've been listening non-stop drain
gang and I feel like I'm going crazy
because it's all I listen to you
would you consider doing another closet
tour please I really been wanting to do
one but in my last closet video I went
old preaching be like oh you don't have
to spend a lot of money on clothing
oh I don't I don't buy expensive watches
I'm sorry I'm a hypocrite is there a
type of video that you really like to
try making yes
there is one I've been trying to make
for weeks but I haven't been able to
find a boat I need a boat to make it
happen
hey Felix do you plan on making any more
videos on whiskey no because I did
Japanese whiskey Irish whiskey scotch
and bourbon so I felt like I kind of did
already I'm also taking a break I'm
drinking in general I kind of was it
getting a little I like my whiskey a
little just a little too much I feel
like now I'm trying to make I'm what I'm
getting almost authority now and getting
old guys and trying to make decisions
now that I will benefit from in the
future are you a vegetarian
what is
these food questions okay no do you
think I'm a soy boy
are there any means for you took the
decision good a good sentence there
multi Multi n boy
are there any means for you to took the
decision to not review because you love
them too much yes
yes sir husband and I'm not gonna
mention them do you play games privately
anymore it seems like you're not really
a gaming guy anymore I still really care
about gaming culture I still care about
what games and what's happening in the
industry but I don't really play that
much games anymore and I don't know if
that's a you know I never thought I
would get to that point I always thought
I'm gonna love video games for the rest
of my life but maybe maybe it will come
back maybe it's just a thing that goes
in in waves there are a few games I
genuinely want to play like games that I
haven't played yet you know Silent Hill
2 is one of those classic horror games
that I have actually never played I
really want to play persona 4 so if
there are games I do want to play just
for myself I just haven't had the time
I'm spending most of my days just
reading right now at least I feel like I
get so much more out of reading a book
than playing a video game i sounds like
such a forced adult thing to say but
it's true
it's such a much more for me at least
satisfying experience to read a book you
made books and video games would you
ever consider making your own TV show ha
ha ha scare PewDiePie uh-huh we're scare
we're a scare platypi do you watch me
play unfortunately yes I I do I really
enjoy my videos plus I feel like I have
to watch through them
it's weird I know a lot of youtubers I
don't watch their own videos and I
always felt like if I don't even enjoy
my own videos how can I expect other
people to enjoy them so I think if I'm
not enjoying the video that's a good
time for me to maybe try and do
something different when will you get
married
hashtag ask beauty hopefully some dumb
time next year ok can you please bring
back the sukkah be at cash some of us
really wanted them we already brought
them back once they were out but the
image only looked suspicious to bring
down
this real or a basic black cab with
basic editing what do you mean also
sweaters and hoodies would be amazing
well there will be sweaters and hoodies
for the next thing I'm working on I'm
making it right now it's still very much
work in progress but I think it's gonna
be really cool I really really really
really enjoy designing the marsh myself
and I think that it makes it more
authentic to my brand and it's really
cool to see you guys wear it as well
it's something I'm actually proud to see
other people wear thank you guys for
supporting the March I really really
appreciate it
how are you doing are you feeling more
less stressed nowadays way less stress
than I used to be I had way too many
things going on as opposed to last year
or two years ago I was trapped in so
many projects like the TV shows and the
businesses and all that stuff and I
realized I don't want to do any of this
so I'm thrilled to just be where I am
right now I've been a little bit more
stressed really because the videos I've
been doing have been more controversial
and it's harder it's weird I haven't
messed up yet but I'm always like okay I
don't want to mess up I want to make
sure I do this right and when you talk
about controversial topics or these
things it's so easy to mess up it's so
easy to say something that can be
interpreted in the wrong way or
something that didn't come across the
right way and you really really really
really gotta be careful I never know
until I've seen the reaction so that
kind of makes me nervous sometimes if
the board members of YouTube took a
collective vote and decided to make you
see you what would be your top most
priority changes I think YouTube's
biggest problem is that no one really
respects the website a lot of the
decisions and changes hasn't been
connected with the community the website
is great I mean I survived the ad
pocalypse its ads are totally fine now
things are definitely things are
definitely a lot better it's still worse
but it's still a lot better than it used
to be I guess you can say I survived the
ad pocalypse so but yeah YouTube
definitely
I would try to make cuz that's all I'm
good at really I think in making a
better connection with the people that
actually use your site and gaining back
their respect I think they've done a lot
that it's really great but a lot of
times it goes unnoticed because of this
so people just focus on the negative
general question but I always wonder if
you travel the world for some sort of
tour like would you perform or just
travel for meets ingredient to me people
diss travelling for no offense no
offense to anyone but just travelling to
do a tour is ridiculous like why why
would I do that I don't care about
attention I said I feel like youtubers I
do that just really desperately want to
be validated which is fine I guess
that's a great way to do it but and even
then a tour like what would I do the
thing is I upload videos daily I would
either have to take time off just to go
on tour I think touring makes sense for
people that maybe don't upload very
frequently and they can be busy doing
something else at the same time for
someone that uploads daily is to me just
sounds like a nightmare you know when
you get a youth when you become a big
youtuber you get all these amazing
offers right who would not want to go on
a tour right it seems insane to not want
to go on but for someone in my position
I know that if I go on a tour it's just
gonna stress me out and I've learned to
say no to things even though there are
incredible opportunities which seems
very egoistic and ungrateful but I just
know it's important for my mental help
to to say no to stuff and what's the
next gunplay Europe be working on boy
I'm super excited I got a new perfect
grade I'm gonna be working on and it's
gonna I'm gonna paint it I'm not gonna
say what I'm gonna paint it as yet but
I'm super excited for it I might live
stream it I always say I'm gonna live
stream stuff and then I never do the
thing is like even the same with the
book club
do I need to monetize every single thing
in my life
am I really that youtuber yes yes I am
was there ever a point where you thought
the continue made
than what you wanted to do but the
opportunity was just too good to miss
yes this QA video how do your parents
feel about you being a successful
youtubers are they proud are they
disappointed they're super proud they're
definitely very proud but it did take
them a while to accept the fact that I
wasn't going back to school but now
they're thrilled they're very proud and
I'm happy I'm lucky to have such
supportive parents what are your serious
opinions on t-series do you think it's
unfair that a corporation like t-series
is surpassing you as an indie youtuber
does he make you feel bad it's already a
heated subject now that a company is
taking over based on a named a youtuber
you're right and then you know everyone
is going on the rant about oh you
YouTube it's not really becoming YouTube
and it's never gonna be the same now I
think if I don't really care about
t-series I don't but I think if YouTube
does shift in a way where it does feel
more corporate there are something else
will take its place
I think people enjoy this connection so
much I think something else will just
show up if if it feels too corporate I
think what bothers me more then things
becoming too corporate is you tubers
shelling corporate if you know does that
make sense
you tubers just buying into this image
that companies want them to be for the
sake of being lifted up by them I mean
it's it's a great business move and I
totally understand why anyone would do
it but to me it's inauthentic and like I
talked about earlier about authenticity
I think that's what I enjoy watching
youtubers form for being authentic not
them being an image of what they think
someone else wants them to be
if you tube becomes YouTube rewind
that's when I know that that bothers me
more are you working on new business
ideas after revenue
no after that completely biggest mistake
of my life I mean I I've learned so much
from it don't get me wrong but no screw
that
it's like I already have a full-time job
I don't need another full-time job can
you tell me about the story of your
rolex submariner
what do you mean I don't have ever okay
fine I bought it because you know I
proposed to mine's yet and she got all
this fancy ring and I'm like this is not
fair what do I get
don't I get anything and people always
said well if you're gonna buy a nice
watch you should buy it for a good
reason and I'm like well I'm not gonna
get a better reason than my proposal so
I did buy our nice watch and it kind of
changed my opinion on I know it's so
annoying everything has to be
philosophical but it's nice to have
something that will last your lifetime
you know previously I didn't look at it
that way but you have your phone that
constantly needs to be charged then you
have I don't know all these accessories
and items that are always gonna be
expendable but it's nice to have one
item that is always gonna be there no
matter what your thoughts on Buddhism
yeah I really wanted to make a video on
Buddhism it's really been on my mind
every single day since I read that book
that I reviewed a few months ago it's
really changed my outlook on so many
things and it's really helped me a lot
as well I think to become a more
positive and better person not that it's
a self-help book but like I said I do
want to talk about it but at the same
time it feels like I'm preaching or
something like that and that's just
obnoxious uh-oh favorite high root
Haruki Murakami book Norwegian Wood I'm
reading a killing commendatory right now
it said it's okay if you guys haven't
read anything in a while I definitely
recommend Morikami because he's very
comfy easy to read type of literature
then with this somewhat deeper meaning
as well so I think definitely pick up
Murakami anything from him if you want
to read a good book and you're not used
to reading when will he do a five weird
stuff online never it feels like
everyone else took over those type of
shows after I did it I seen other
channels do those type of videos and
it's just it doesn't feel like my thing
anymore your current take on the Shane
Dawson series on Jake Paul now that it's
over I feel for Jake I really do I feel
I feel really bad for him
I think most people that watch it made
me feel bad for for him I remember you
know the drama between him and his
brother it wasn't really obvious but I
remember the video where Logan you know
was staging that he was making out with
his ex and I just thought that was the
weirdest thing ever
and that's when I realized you know
everyone hate hated Jake during that
period I remember and people people
didn't know that Logan was a Logan
admitted being a sociopath didn't he
why is someone talking about that I just
thought it was so cringy how he was
staging making out with his girlfriend
and and I guess a lot of people thought
it was cool so they were like you know
nobody's really I'm like no he isn't I
guess you know at least you know I may
not stand
Jake Paul but at least I understand Jane
Paul I stole that joke from someone else
teach us about the art of apologizing
you seem to know a lot because of well
your track record but for real though
give insight on how you deal with
controversy it's funny how you say that
I was planning to make a video where I
rate other people's apologies I thought
that might be funny including my own do
you still enjoy making YouTube videos or
I really really do I genuinely do have
you ever will you ever do a charity
thing again yeah I really want to do a
charity again I just wanted to feel
something that I'm actually passionate
about and I wanted to do it in a way
that feels interesting as well I think
the whole format of just playing video
games and asking for donation it's kind
of tired and I don't really want to do
that what's your favorite non anime show
me and my tale of terror
it's on Netflix it's so good it's kind
of like the concept of Big Brother like
a bunch of Japanese people living in the
same house but they're free to roam
around and do whatever outside go on
dates and whatnot and what makes it
interesting is that they can leave at
any time
so usually you follow someone's story
maybe they're there for romance or for
their job or anything like that and then
when they're done with that they leave
so a new character enter and it's really
nice to see follow these people young
people following their dreams or
whatever their goals are it's really
good show it takes a while to get into
because it takes a while to get you know
learn to care about the people but it
once you do it's very impactful was that
it that was it I did it cool guys I see
you guys in three years
it's weird Q&A is this type of videos
that people enjoy but I don't I feel
like it's so lame so I hope this was a
ride I feel like I have to apologize
sorry I'm literally just doing this
because I it's Martin's birthday today
and I wanted to just finish off a video
quickly hey leave like be enjoyed it one
more Q&A so every leg will shorten the
Q&A with the year of the next one we got
two days left for the March one day left
on the March so this is your last chance
if you want to pick it up and that's it
for me for now see you guys tomorrow
[Music]